# 🎮 PS One Classics Template

Template and graphics set for use with self-converted PS One games on PSP

## Goals

I've got a mixture of games purchased from the PlayStation Store and games I've converted from my own discs on my PSP. The goal for this template was to make them consistent.

To that end, I've attempted to match the style of the PlayStation Store downloads from each release territory;

- Games from PAL regions use the SCEE template
- NTSC-J and NTSC-U games use the respective SCEJ/SCEA template
- SCEA games' descriptions are big and bold
- SCEJ/SCEE games have both a tagline and longer description
- Game titles emulate SCE's style, usually matching any trademark symbols shown on the original physical release's spine

### Game listings

Games are listed by their original SCE product code. Where a product code does not exist for a game (for example, disc versions of Net Yaroze games) a product code of `DTLS-00000` is used instead.

## What's included?

Included in this repo are;

1. Graphics for several games, ready to be used with your favourite `popstation` converter tool
2. A set of base templates as generated by the Sketch file, in case you need to build your graphics in something else
2. A Sketch file including base graphics and the editable source for each set of graphics

### Wait, where's all the code?

I briefly considered automating or at least making these conversions programmatic, but as it turns out, getting good text rendering requires some niche software to implement. Sketch is good because it takes advantage of macOS' nice text rendering, which seems pretty close to what SCE's official releases use. Linux and Windows just don't render text the same, so I'd likely have to bring (and tune!) my own text renderer.

Likewise, the official releases use Helvetica, which is built-in on macOS, but I can't distribute that myself, so here we are!

If you think you can find a solution to this, I'd love to hear it. Keep in mind, though, that compiling FreeType in emscripten seems... very extreme.

## Contributing

I'm open to contributions - updates to the Sketch file are welcome, as long as the pull request also does a full export of the files atop the `PS One Classics Templates` directory. Please try to keep things as consistent as possible!
